It’s year 4122. 715 days ago was Day 0. The day the old world ended and the new world began. It was a rather slow Apocalypse. The sun just blinked out one day: no warning, no signs. The scientists were as confused as everyone else, as it turned out everything they thought they knew about the star was wrong. Complete chaos followed soon after for years, as the temperatures slowly started dropping. And when people panic, they break things. This time, it was their civilization and order they broke. They stole, they killed, they burned, they ran and hid to try and survive; but most couldn’t. 
The rulers of the world united in a desperate attempt to save human kind from extinction. Even though they blamed the scientists for the disaster, as they were the ones who should have seen it coming, they all worked together for once and gave birth to the New World: a world of dome cities. The most advanced technology was used to mimic the Old World inside the domes: daylight, warmth, normality. However, the number of people they could house was limited and the Cities operated on a first come, first served basis, shutting down contact with everything outside once they reached their capacity. As the rest of the world froze over, each City built its new society and laws from scratch. But it soon turned out the Cities were too small to fully function by themselves, so they specialized, sharing products with each other using strictly monitored trading routes going through the Wilderness. Nothing lived in the Wilderness anymore, nothing worth taking into consideration anyway. It was a cruel mission for traders to travel through the dark frozen world, which is why in most cities they were selected by drafting.
That is the case in the City of Kalux. Or, as known to the traders, the City of Paper. This is one of the few cities that adopted an extreme set of laws and distinction between citizens on Day 0: the lower class (which I am part of) is required to work 12 hours a day with minimum benefits; the higher class is in charge of security and administration work, having the option of doing office jobs or slacking off. There is an 11pm curfew, lifted at 5am. Anyone caught outside between these hours is arrested and punished accordingly. At least every citizen gets a house, although even this depends on their rank in the society, so the lower class gets small identical houses on the edge of the City. The Leader, Noah Primes, is the highest in command and has the last word (or so the rules say). Then there are the Officials, a group of high ranks, each in charge of different aspects of the city, such as Trading, Tech, Security etc. (they’re actually the ones ruling, off the record). A great system, as some say and most disagree. 
My name is Andrew King. I work 12 hours a day in the paper factory and I own a small home at 10 Chopper Way, where I live by myself. My friend and work colleague, Lilith Joy Wings, was murdered. And this is my story.
